expensive the amount of good to speak
a small product that was sent to me
for review and in fact I found the
great product so I decided to you
make a short video for you in
speak
what is it really about
a mascara
finally rather two products that we
will apply on the eyelashes for the
make long thick finally provides everything
I love and everything I do not have
of course that's why
I was very interested in testing this and
so we have on one side the mascara and
on the other side it's called infinito and
they are natural plant fibers
black and I see you right now
to arrive yes girls we know
the one who was in a kind of thing
white there that was stuck on the lashes then
as it was white had to pass
behind with a black thing well everything
cover but no it's not that
all so if you want to know more
stay with me that comes right away
then these products are from the h & m brand
which is an Italian brand and therefore
here is the mascara called mass
terror is done to volumes so well
sure mascara to give volume and the
infinito fibers is found in a small
bottle like that and actually when I
open I was very surprised because
hop there I have not if you saw them
fall have complained of any small
book but not in a product not one
it is not mascara in a kind of glück
white
the fibers are finally laying his lesson on
the brush there like that alone and so
what I'm going to do is I'm going
take a look to show a little bit
common sancerre and to show you
especially the result
so I'll start with the eye
law
I take mascara and I go
put well everywhere then we can even
master above for those
the habit of doing that so when I
read everywhere it's not like that
I like to do at the moment we are not
obliged to 100 meters on himself and once
we have a masquerade we do not wait
that it dries we take the small fibers
so on or delicately to avoid in
our everywhere we will come to be everything
along so you'll see that it's going
actually stick to mascara
so we do not hesitate well went well
in place and wherever you want
and once we are satisfied with this
we have on the eyelashes we take the
mascara and we come to work all that
it will allow to fix a good time
for all the little girls
how many meters is also to do
a little more natural
so the only thing you need to
to be careful is not to
not doing his complexion before his eyes
because as you can see
small fibers at the time of the break have
trend of course stole a small
little everywhere but that's okay
because after I do not see if you
see the result so compared to
the other eye I do not know what you
do you think about it but I find that the
difference it's just flagrant
I have rather short eyelashes rather
not very provided there I find that
I really do not know what it is
it's almost magical we almost have
the impression that I put false eyelashes
so for having tested his already twice
over two full days that I can
tell you is that the fibers do not fall
I did not have any loss hole
foam he declared throughout the
day so it's really good no
worry as I told you the only little
downside is to think well to do his
dyed after placing his massara because
that otherwise you will have plenty of
small islands that may stick on
your other foundation powder but
that's me, I'm always used to
to make time after anyway it's
rare that I do the reverse and otherwise
what can i tell you apart
that these products frankly well I
did not know at all and I am
really happy to have accepted
to test because ben in fact since
I put every day that's because
I like big eyelashes very very
long and very dark and I think it has
it's great anyway so if you
also you have already tested these two
small products that we find so
at google.com especially do not hesitate to
let me know
under the video as usual for me
give your opinion is shared with us this
that you think about it and then in the meantime
I hope this little discovery
package will have been helpful I tell you to
soon for a next video there you
embrace
and
and incidentally I was going to make a
second offense